### Design Goals
For the CTF python package we wanted to mirror the current [CSV package](https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html) as closely as possible since that is the storage technology that it seeks to *?extend?*. 


The main objective of `ctf` is to be simple to use and thus the design goals will correspond to this. Since other file storage formats have already established a set of standards for working with said formats, the aim of `ctf` will be to maintain as much of those standards as possible. 

The most notable example is that `ctf` will mirror the API of the [CSV package](https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html) closely and only deviate from the API when the structural differences force `ctf` to do so. Thus, users who have experience working with CSV will find it intuitive to make the transition over to `ctf` to help them solve their data science needs. 

It is also important to recognize that cloud computing is an increasingly significant tool for many data science applications thus compatibility with the major cloud environment is a must for `ctf`. Amazon’s AWS is currently the leading provider of such services, hence integrating `ctf` with AWS will be prioritized. Users should be able to easily store their data in the `ctf` format as objects inside of AWS buckets and then be able to easily access their data either through an ec2 instance or a traditional Unix terminal. 

`ctf` users will likely be employing other data storage formats like CSV or binary, therefore, it is paramount to facilitate the smooth conversion to and from `ctf`. These conversions should be able to be performed in the case that the file is downloaded (need to reword this but idk what fits the best so I should ask) or in the case that the file is large and the user wants to stream it during the conversation. Thus, both functionalities will be available with `ctf`. 

Since one of the unique features of `ctf` is that it contains a metadata file it is important to establish how that metadata file will be organized. In a similar approach to how `ctf`’s API will mirror CSV, `ctf`’s metadata will mirror the [W3 metadata standards](https://www.w3.org/TR/tabular-data-primer/). While much can be extended, there are some key structural components that are different. For instance, `ctf` does not have columns like CSV files and instead data are stored in .txt files called columnFiles. Thus, this would be different from the W3 metadata standard. Another major difference is that `ctf` is a directory and not simply one file. QUESTION: how much should I do? Should I include all the stuff like here https://github.com/julianofhernandez/ctf/blob/main/examples_of_ctf_vs_csv/divergenceFromW3.md? It is pretty difficult to explain this in only words alone and having an example would help make what I have written concrete but if I did that then it would be much longer than usual. I know that this paper isn’t supposed to be the documentation so I’m wondering how much I should write. 
